docs: add section describing fixture usage in hive simulators (#347)
ethereum/execution-spec-tests: docs/getting_started/using_fixtures.md

    It's possible to execute `evm blocktest` directly within the execution-spec-tests framework. This is intended to verify fixture generation, see [Debugging `t8n` Tools](./debugging_t8n_tools.md).

## How Test Fixtures are Consumed via Hive Simulators

There are two Hive simulators that execute the test cases defined in the JSON test fixtures against fully instantiated client instances using the @ethereum/execution-apis:

> 1. The `ethereum/pyspec` simulator executes the test cases against a fully instantiated execution client that receives blocks via the [Engine JSON-RPC API](https://github.com/ethereum/execution-apis/blob/main/src/engine/README.md). Each block is verified by the client and tested via the Engine API response. The post-state section of the test is additionally explicitly verified via the Engine API (post-Merge forks only).

Reviewer: I think the post-state section is requested using the `eth_getStorage`, so not really the Engine API.

Author: Thanks!

> 1. The `ethereum/pyspec` simulator executes the test cases against a fully instantiated execution client that receives blocks via the [Engine JSON-RPC API](https://github.com/ethereum/execution-apis/blob/main/src/engine/README.md). Each block is verified by the client and tested via the Engine API response. The post-state section of the test is additionally explicitly verified via the Engine API (post-Merge forks only).

Reviewer 2: Nice! I relay what mario mentioned, I think we could add what rpc calls are used specifically.

Suggestion below :D

```suggestion
1. The `ethereum/pyspec` simulator consumes the test cases against a fully instantiated execution client that executes blocks via the [`engine_newPayloadVX`](https://github.com/ethereum/execution-apis/blob/main/src/engine/paris.md#engine_newpayloadv1) method. Each block is verified by the client and tested against the `engine_newPayloadVX` response. The post-state section of the test is additionally explicitly verified via `eth_getStorageAt` and `eth_getBalance` alongside an internal nonce checking method. Note the simulator only works for post-merge forks.
```

Author: Thanks a lot for this! 

Will just change `consumes` back to `executes` again, otherwise, thanks for improving this.
